# Semifinals Networking Quiz
## Answers are bolded

Which protocol creates a virtual point-to-point connection to tunnel unencrypted traffic between Cisco routers from a variety of protocols?
- PPTP
- IPsec
- **GRE**
- IKE

What is the configuration register set to on the IOS FW Router?  (Refer to Semi-Final Packet Tracer Exercise)
- **0x2102**
- 0x1202
- 0x2142 
- 0x2124

Which VPN implementation doesn’t allow traffic that originates from a remote-access client to be separated into trusted VPN traffic and untrusted traffic destined for the public Internet?
- MPLS
- split tunnelling 
- **hairpinning**
- GRE

The use of PSK within the IPsec framework is an example of which of the five IPsec building blocks?
- confidentiality
- nonrepudiation  
- integrity
- Diffe-Hellman
- **authentication**

What is the second step in establishing an IPsec VPN?
- **negotiation of IKE phase 2**
- creation of an IPsec tunnel between two IPsec peers
- negotiation of IKE phase 1
- creation of a secure tunnel to negotiate a security association policy

A network administrator was testing an IPS device by releasing multiple packets into the network. The administrator examined the log and noticed that a group of alarms were generated by the IPS that identified malicious user traffic. Which term describes this group of alarms?
- **false positive**
- true positive
- true negative
- false negative

Which command resets statistics on packets analyzed, and alarms sent with the Cisco IOS IPS on a Cisco router?
- Router# clear ip sdee events
- Router# clear ip sdee subscriptions
- Router# clear ip ips configuration
- **Router# clear ip ips statistics**

What is the first required task when configuring server-based AAA authentication?
- Enable AAA on the interface connecting to the AAA server
- **Enable AAA globally**
- Specify the type of server providing the authentication
- Configure the type of AAA authentication

What step must be taken before investigators can determine if data tampering has occurred?

- create a read-write drive image of the original hard drive
- disconnect the network cable
- **create a read-only drive image of the original hard drive**
- reboot the machine

The effectiveness of an operations security solution can only be tested once a real threat occurs on a production network.
- True
- **False**
